hey what is going on guys all right so i
just i was recording and as soon as it
opened I saw my device crash like my
recording device so i did get to really
it didn't it stopped recording so i
didn't look at any of the pack I've no
idea what I got alright guys so I'm
scared is an ultimate pack obviously i
just opened it up had some extra you
know whose money i opened it with but
alright so I see a Giordano Brower
jochen an appt 0 so Downey Anderson
Schultz Fowler okay all right so we know
who that is okay you're only no see all
right you know whatever okay I like it I
like it but all right it's all take I'll
take that you're Riley stahlberg barkoff
flurry flurry I'll take y'all Merson
Simmons that's right oh my god duchesne
okay what the fuck price what is going
on all right all right so all right
that's got all right ah alright and I
think that's the oh my god hall what the
fuck this pack was too much man what the
fuck you figured that's all 70 basically
your failure llego price about 50 oh my
goodness duchesne 70 like 70 basically
and freaking Team of the Year yo see all
right so I wasted probably lost about
200k impacts earlier today and it looks
like I just about gaining it back today
so thanks for watching this video guys
holy smokes those are some sick polls
leave a like for that that's probably my
desk pack I've ever had like all players
together that's probably all the puppy
all together by my desk pack ever if you
combine all the players alright guys so
thanks for watching holy smokes let me
just double check its in there's a large
still a large quick sell but yeah I
think that's it alright guys so thanks
for watching oh my goodness
and I'll see you guys in the next video
you